README.md, before:

# KATUMBA ANDREW FELIX

💫 **About Me**  
I am a student passionate about **AI** and **Data Science**.  
Currently working on full-stack development using **Python**, **React**, **Vite**, and HTML/CSS baselines.  
Looking for help and collaboration on **business scaling using Data Science** across fields like finance, automotive, health, and business.

🌐 **Socials**  
• [Facebook](https://facebook.com/yourusername) ← replace with your real link  
• [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/yourusername) ← replace with your real link  
• [X / Twitter](https://x.com/Alexanderlixy) ← added your X handle

💻 **Tech Stack**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)  
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)  
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)  
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)  
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)  
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)  
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)  
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)  
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)  
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)  
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white)  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

📊 **GitHub Stats**  
![Andrew's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&layout=compact&theme=radical)

🏆 **GitHub Trophies**  
![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy-fork-two.vercel.app/?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&theme=radical)

✍️ **Random Dev Quote**  
![Random Dev Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

🔝 **Top Contributed Repo**  
<!-- Replace YOUR-TOP-REPO with the name of one of your best repos -->
![Top Repo]()
PRIVATE 

PERSONAL WEBSITE
![Persoanl website].(https://katumba-andrew-felix.github.io/).
💰 **Support Me**  
[Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yourusername) ← add your real link if you have one, or remove this section

Setup professional profile README

Commit message:

Enhance personal description in README
Updated the description to include certifications in prompt engineering.

README.md, after:

# KATUMBA ANDREW FELIX

💫 **About Me**  
I am a student passionate about **AI** and **Data Science**.  
Currently working on full-stack development using **Python**, **React**, **Vite**, and HTML/CSS baselines with aid of the Certifications of PROMPT ENGINEERING.  
Looking for help and collaboration on **business scaling using Data Science** across fields like finance, automotive, health, and business.

🌐 **Socials**  
• [Facebook](https://facebook.com/yourusername) ← replace with your real link  
• [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/yourusername) ← replace with your real link  
• [X / Twitter](https://x.com/Alexanderlixy) ← added your X handle

💻 **Tech Stack**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)  
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)  
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)  
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)  
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)  
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)  
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)  
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)  
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)  
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)  
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)  
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white)  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

📊 **GitHub Stats**  
![Andrew's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&layout=compact&theme=radical)

🏆 **GitHub Trophies**  
![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy-fork-two.vercel.app/?username=KATUMBA-ANDREW-FELIX&theme=radical)

✍️ **Random Dev Quote**  
![Random Dev Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

🔝 **Top Contributed Repo**  
<!-- Replace YOUR-TOP-REPO with the name of one of your best repos -->
![Top Repo]()
PRIVATE 

PERSONAL WEBSITE
![Persoanl website].(https://katumba-andrew-felix.github.io/).
💰 **Support Me**  
[Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yourusername) ← add your real link if you have one, or remove this section

Setup professional profile README
